how I make Chinese fun rice the first
thing you gotta scramble the egg and
then put the egg on the side and then
hook the rice first and leave it
overnight and wet your hand and then
break it up the rice and then your
father eyes will come out better you
gotta use the nice for the use of rice
for the overnight leave it overnight and
then wet your hand and loose up all the
rice nice and loose
making fire rise all the immigrant rice
and losing rice scramble meat there's a
beef you could use any Caillou wanted
you to chicken or pork and I'll I guess
some shrimp if you don't watch them you
could skip the shrimp and let the frozen
vegetable so the wall is hot add some
oil not too much because too much oil is
5 I don't taste real well
and then you can hit the loose rice in
there
the rice mixture is no problem is every
food
[Music]
oh sweet is an AVI
with that
here
[Music]
Oh
the rise
there
around
like you like
I raised up
your play
mala you got little nice and my rice
you
[Music]